You came alone without a lawyer.
Are you planning to hire one for the trial?
I heard you insisted on giving your statement before Oh Jahyeon.
Say what you want.
I stabbed Koryoin Kim with the syringe.
I didn't mean to kill him.
I just wanted to scare him.
That wasn't just a syringe.
It was one filled with pure nicotine.
If you thought the dose wasn't lethal,
When he collapsed,
You couldn't have been sure you poisoned him.
That's hard to say.
The drugs were secretly swapped.
The amount was already less than agreed, which was infuriating.
Seems like he shamelessly demanded more money.
We already found evidence of Oh Jahyeon distributing drugs.
Confessing would be more beneficial—
Both of us understand this.
Don't waste time. Let's just make things simple.
Because of this, Jahyeon rushed at that man.
But that guy hit Jahyeon.
So I got angry in that moment
And stabbed his neck with the nicotine syringe.
So you're admitting to all the charges?
I admit to everything.
Seven years ago,
Oh Jahyeon's husband and
Her regular OB-GYN, Granny Park, died, right?
Two years before these incidents,
Anesthetics from one of your cases went missing.
Did you use those anesthetics to kill Oh Jahyeon's husband?
Me?
Why... would I?
Records were found on Granny Park's phone.
Granny Park's phone—
I had the data analyzed.
Nothing was found, right?
I admit I had anesthetics go missing in my case before.
Jahyeon's husband died of cardiac arrest.
As for Granny Park, I don't know much about that.
What about the casino boss, Kang Woosung?
Lee Gilyoung killed him.
Look up.
I see you hid it in a flower pot.
Your souvenir.
Wow, our Taeseon has grown up.
You even know to search my office.
Where is the awl that stabbed the casino boss Kang Woosung's neck?
Tell me the truth.
I mean, how would I know?
What's his name, Lee Gilyoung—
Ah—he's already dead, right?
I'm asking where you hid your souvenir!
In his father's grave.
If you keep acting like this,
I'll have to take away what you care about.
Don't touch Jahyeon.
The DNA found in the glove, and...
The burner phone ending in 1225—
Who could it belong to?
I don't know.
The accomplice who dumped the body
Is also your and Oh Jahyeon's son.
Who is it?
You insist on denying these two things to the end, huh?
Then there's no choice—
I can only find the person
And put them in jail.
Do whatever you want.
What should we do next?
What else can we do?
Next, we have to face them head-on.
Face them head-on?
We must find a way to make them move.
[Park Siwoo]
[Kim Yoonsik]
[Kwak Seunghwan] [Because of inheritance?]
[Koryoin Mr. Kim overdosed on drugs]
[Found in a small room on the second floor]
[The Last Abandoned Mine in Danhyeon City To Be Turned Into a Casino]
[Led by Ohsong Construction, 'Danhyeon Land' Integrated Resort (Casino, Hotel, Theme Park) to be built— Officially secures $400M in foreign investment]
[Casino Industry's First Female Executive Pledges "Transparent Operations, Regional Co-Prosperity"]
[Danhyeon City "Casino Owner Murdered"; the suspect is his driver, Lee]
[The Prosecutor's Proposal]
[Prosecutor's Office] [Room 512]
I will prosecute the Koryoin case
On charges of attempted murder, abandoning a corpse,
And violating the Narcotics Control Act.
What?
Whether it's the case of the casino boss Kang Woosung
Or the murder of Granny Park—
We haven't found any solid evidence.
Didn't you say you'd take your time to investigate before indicting?
Are you suddenly proposing to indict immediately now?
Hey, Prosecutor Ju.
What's the rush?
The remaining cases are all old cases from the past,
And the evidence is insufficient.
No one knows when they'll be solved.
I mean we should start indicting the ones with solid evidence.
It's because of Senior Assistant Lee, huh?
We have to prosecute and start a public trial for at least one case first
So that Senior Assistant Lee's suspension won't be prolonged.
Compared to when Soyeon was around, you really haven't changed at all.
Rushing forward headfirst like a bulldozer.
Also, what if someone gets hurt again?
Well...
Any news from that orphanage from last time?
Yeah, no news.
What about the results of the phone data analysis?
Well, the analysis of Oh Jahyeon's and Tak Sungwoong's is mostly done.
What's suspicious has been extracted separately and sent to you.
Things like, "The two of them seem to be still in contact,"
"We must do it anyway,"
[If my husband finds out about this... he will definitely tell my dad.]
"If my husband finds out about this,
He will definitely tell my dad."
There are also concerning parts like this.
But... coincidentally,
Important keywords are missing.
Is there anything that can be used as direct evidence?
I didn't expect Director Tak to be so meticulous.
The National Forensic Service sent a message this afternoon.
They said that among Tak Sungwoong's seized items,
It seems a piece of evidence was contaminated by the investigator.
The people from the National Forensic Service said they would compare the DNA and filter it out first.
Sorry, I made sure I was wearing gloves,
And I also wore shoe covers.
There might have been a hole.
Contamination of evidence and scenes is quite common.
Maybe someone else contaminated it.
Prosecutor Ju and I also looked through it for a long time.
But Chaeha,
Today is your last day at work, right?
That's right.
I probably won't come tomorrow.
I'll have to rely on you all.
What are you saying?
You work from home.
I can't do without you.
Wow, you're way too much.
He's suspended, and you're still making him work.
If I'm found working during my suspension, there might be an issue.
What issue could there be?
There are only four of us here.
Well, then... I'll get going.
Well...
Today is Mr. Lee's last day at work.
Shouldn't we at least have dinner together?
Ah, sorry.
Today is my birthday.
I have plans tonight.
Well, let's have it next time.
I also made plans with my family.
When Mr. Lee comes back to work...
Prosecutor Yoon.
Yeah?
Why do you and Soyeon have different birthdays?
Wasn't Soyeon's birthday yesterday?
You didn't know?
Soyeon and I were born 10 minutes apart, so our birthdays are different.
Soyeon was born at 11:55 PM
And I was born at 12:05 AM the next day.
-I'm leaving. -Okay.
Just stay at home.
Since they've felt the pressure,
I think everyone will start making a move again.
Do Prosecutor Yoon Gyuho and Prosecutor Yoon Soyeon look alike?
No, they are fraternal twins.
I see.
But they are indeed siblings.
Yoon Gyuho might be Tak Sungwoong's mole,
But he can't be his son.
Are we exaggerating our suspicions
By guessing one of them is Tak Sungwoong's son?
The more exaggerated the suspicion, the better.
Even if I'm suspended, I'll do my best.
If we dig a little deeper, we can indict them.
We can do it.
Is that really so?
We didn't find any evidence of plotting a crime on the phone.
And there's nowhere else worth applying for a search warrant.
The awl must still be in the hands of those culprits.
They wouldn't throw away their souvenirs.
You know that.
The murder weapon was last used 7 years ago.
Who'd know where they hid it?
What's wrong?
What are you thinking about?
Nothing.
What does it feel like to be rejected by your parents—
I was thinking about that.
Are you talking about their son?
You feel pity for a criminal?
You've been bullied like this,
Yet you still have warmth in your heart.
Carrying such a stigma for a lifetime,
You should be disgusted with human nature.
Right?
I tried hard to hate, too,
But I found that even harder.
I'm strange, right?
No.
That's a good trait of yours.
Just the fact that you were suspended
Makes me want to kill those higher-ups.
I told you there was no need to come in.
The indictment against Director Tak—
You don't have to rush it for me.
It's an important case for you.
Not anymore.
Now I have something I want to protect.
Now, compared to the past,
The present is more important to me.
Have a good time with your family.
I'll call you later.
You've arrived?
Senior Assistant Lee, are you at home now?
[Prosecutor Yoon Gyuho]
Oh, what's the matter?
It's urgent. Can you come to the office now?
I can go over.
But I'm suspended. Is that okay?
Today isn't over yet, so the suspension hasn't started, right?
Then I'll get there as soon as possible.
By the way, what is this about?
It's about the awl stabbing case of Granny Park, the OB-GYN—
An informant has appeared.
They said they're heading to the prosecutor's office now.
Even if I leave now, I'm afraid I'll be late.
An informant?
I'll be right there.
Hello, Aunt.
I need to go somewhere for a bit.
[Haengbok Columbarium]
I'll be there as soon as possible. Sorry.
[Late Yoon Soyeon]
Soyeon, we're almost there.
Seven years ago...
My sister, who passed away when she was young, is here, so I come here from time to time.
[Late Tak Jisuk]
Because that man killed his own sister.
He regularly came to observe the death anniversary,
And even went as far as moving her ashes to a new columbarium.
The awl must still be in the hands of those culprits.
They wouldn't throw away their souvenirs.
You know that.
This murder weapon was last used 7 years ago.
Who'd know where they hid it?
What are you doing?
You can't do this!
Found it.
The souvenir.
Hey, how could you...
You're crazy. This is...
You are a witness.
Yes.
What is going on?
Mr. Lee, you got here fast.
Hello.
Why are you here?
You came after getting a message from Prosecutor Yoon, right?
He said it's better to have two people present during the interrogation,
So he asked me to come along to take the informant's statement.
Did he tell you what the report is about?
I'm not sure yet, either.
Let's go quickly.
Okay.
Shall we take the stairs?
-Shall we? -Yeah.
[National Forensic Service, Kim Jinwoo]
Hello, Senior.
Oh, Prosecutor Ju.
About Tak Sungwoong's seized evidence that was contaminated,
A staff member's DNA was detected on it.
Ah, sorry about that.
I'll tell them to be more careful.
Well,
I thought it was weird only that one piece of clothing was contaminated
And the rest were fine,
So I ran this employee's DNA through the database.
It matched a bizarre set of data.
Bizarre?
Yeah.
You know there was a glove at the site where the Koryoin's body was dumped, right?
The DNA detected on it, which showed a father-son relationship
With your Chief Prosecutor—
Was a match.
Who is it?
Well, as to who it is,
They work right under you.
Investigator Song Haneul.
By the way, Mr. Lee.
Yeah?
You aren't living in the dorms right now, are you?
No, I am living there.
But every time I went to your place this week,
You weren't home.
We all have a side we want to hide, don't we?
Killing a spouse— it's usually one of two things:
Cheating or life insurance.
To the kid,
Which one is better?
People like Oh Jahyeon should all be doomed.
[Investigator, Lee Chaeha]
Pick up the phone, Lee Chaeha.
Go to the roof.
Mr. Song.
Doing this won't change anything.
Shut up.
What do you know?
Go, before I kill you.
Come to think of it, I haven't heard your story.
Tell me about it.
How does it look to you?
What do you mean?
Tak Sungwoong and Oh Jahyeon.
Those two bastards.
They are such selfish people.
They mistakenly think they are in the romance of the century.
They should have given up her father's inheritance
And lived well together, the three of you.
I find this pathetic Romeo and Juliet act
Disgusting.
They never took responsibility for the consequences of their actions.
You're right.
You're right! Damn those two scumbags.
They had a child and just threw him away.
And then they left me to clean up their messes.
"I killed someone. Take care of it for me."
"Stay by Ju Taeseon's side and get information."
Damn it, am I their servant?
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey!
We both suffered because of our scumbag parents.
But why the hell do only you guys get happiness?
Do you fucking look down on me, too?
If this continues, it's only my life that will be ruined.
Only me again.
Only me again! Damn it.
I can persuade Prosecutor Ju to cover up your case.
No.
Only if you die
Will Prosecutor Ju stop.
Jump.
Prosecutor Ju will never think I committed suicide.
It doesn't matter.
You know it, too.
Without physical evidence, it will be dropped anyway.
Jump! Damn it.
Damn it.
You brat.
Even if I fall now, it's murder.
Damn it.
Damn it, this won't work.
Damn it!
Damn it.
Damn it, you tricky bastard.
Hey.
You're playing with me too, aren't you?
Do you look down on me that much?
Bastard, I'll kill you.
Lee Chaeha!
Die, all of you!
Chaeha, no.
Wake up.
Chaeha... No...
Wait.
Chaeha...
My investigator was stabbed by a suspect and lost consciousness.
He was stabbed deeply in the abdomen.
We are on the roof of the West District Office. Please come quickly.
Quick!
Chaeha. No.
Wake up.
Chaeha.
Look at me.
Chaeha...
I'm sorry.
But don't regret anything for me.
And don't be sad.
I liked you.
Very much.
With the exposure of the corrupt bidding for Ohsong Group's casino,
The past murder case of the casino boss, Mr. Kang, has taken a new turn.
The newly revealed culprits are Ms. Oh, the second daughter of Ohsong Group,
[Suspect revealed to be Ms. Oh, second daughter of Ohsong Group, and Mr. Tak, Chief Prosecutor of the Danhyeon City West District Prosecutors' Office]
And her long-time lover,
[Breaking: True Culprits in Danhyeon City Casino Boss Murder Case Unveiled]
Former Chief Prosecutor Tak of Danhyeon City's West District Office.
It's reported they also have a secret son.
Congratulations.
Congratulations to you, too.
I was thinking if you refused my proposal,
I would give up everything.
I don't know since when,
But as long as
I can be with you,
I feel like everything will be fine.
Now, I am only grateful.
Actually, since 15 years ago,
I've felt like you've spent all this time with me.
You've worked hard.
And thank you for enduring all this.
You don't know how glad I am
That you didn't end up unhappy because of me.
So,
I'm going to make you a proposal with very good terms.
Hmm?
There is only one option:
"Yes."
Go out with me.
Lee Chaeha.
Wh-What?
What are you talking about?
What are you doing?
I told you to stay close by my side.
Don't even think about going anywhere else.
Where on earth did you get this?
That's what I want to ask.
This was in your bag.
What?
My bag?
Ah.
I usually carry handcuffs with me.
Why?
Just in case.
When I was a police, there were times I arrested criminals I bumped into.
I respect all your fetishes.
Hey!
I told you it's not like that.
What on earth even goes on in your head?
You.
My mind is completely filled with you.
I love you,
Lee Chaeha.
Answer me!
I did answer you.
Say it.
Who still says it these days? So old-fashioned.
Are you throwing a tantrum at me?
If you don't like it,
I'll formally make you a proposal again.
Lee Chaeha,
Go out with me.
Misfortune is like a snake.
It slithers over silently,
And viciously bites the ankles of those standing defenseless and still.
I tried my best to look up
And looked at him.
Then I started to feel
It's okay even if I'm swallowed by misfortune.
As long as I can be with you,
Be it misfortune
Or happiness—
I am willing to accept them all.